# Monte-Carlo-Tree-Search-
Implementation of a simplistic AI agent that is responsible for planning a farm.  The job of the agent is to choose the locations at which to plant two crops, corn and beans. The natural environment is modeled by a "simulator", which will for our toy exercise have very basic rules, and the agent interacts with the simulator to learn how to best plan the farm.
## Rules for the Simulator:
The simulator models a farm that is n x n, where n is a configuration parameter. In each of the n^2 cells, there can be either a corn plant, a bean plant, or empty soil. The farm starts at time 0 completely empty. The simulator simulates time ticking forward one day at a time while an agent (which is described next) can do actions each day such as planting a plant or harvesting a plant. A corn plant in our simulation takes 90 days to grow from time of planting to time of harvest. A bean plant in our simulation also takes 90 days. At the 90 day mark, or thereafter, a plant can be harvested, producing 10 units of food (corn or beans), and the cell that the plant was in becomes empty again. Since bean plants help corn be more productive, for every bean plant that is in one of the adjacent 8 cells to a corn plant, the corn plant produces one extra unit of food at time of harvest. That is, if there are 3 bean plants directly adjacent to a corn plant, then the corn plant will produce 13 units of food upon harvest rather than 10. A bean plant that is not next to a corn plant produces 10 units of food upon harvest, and a bean plant that is adjacent to one or more corn plants produces 15 units of food upon harvest.
## Following are the assumptions made while designing the simulator
1. The yield of the plant X increases even if the plant Y, which helps plant X, was planted adjacent to X just one day before harvesting X. So it considers presence of helpful plants adjacent to the plant being harvested only during the time of harvesting the plants.
2. As both the plants take 90 days to grow and we have to give a plan that gives maximum yield at the end of 91 days the best approach would be to plant all the plants on day 1 and so simulator is not considering any parameter to keep note of time.
3. Thus, the total yield returned by the simulator is the yield that can be obtained at the end of the 90 days period if the given plan is followed and all the plants are planted on the first day.
## Running the Python Script
In order to find a field plan using Monte Carlo Tree Search Agent run the following command in the terminal or command prompt where n*n indicates the size of the field:
```
python "Monte Carlo Tree Search Agent and Simulator.py" n
```
